Update changelog for 1.1.0 (#75)
amqp/rhea-promise: changelog.md

> ### 1.1.0 - #Unreleased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1.1.0 - 2021-02-05
```

- All async methods now take a signal that can be used to cancel the operation. Fixes [#48](https://github.com/amqp/rhea-promise/issues/48)
- Added a `timeoutInSeconds` parameter to the `send` method on the `AwaitableSender` that overrides the timeout value for the send operation set when creating the sender.

> - When the `error` event is fired when closing the sender/recevier link, surface errors occuring on the sender/receiver context if none are found on the session context. Details can be found in [PR #55](https://github.com/amqp/rhea-promise/pull/55)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the `error` event is fired when closing the sender/receiver link, surface errors occurring on the sender/receiver context if none are found on the session context. Details can be found in [PR #55](https://github.com/amqp/rhea-promise/pull/55)
```
